hi everyone today we're going to show
you how to make one variation of chicken
curry you'll need the following for this
recipe 1 whole chicken washed up and cut
into small pieces 1 large onion 5 to 6
garlic cloves 1 and a half inches of
ginger 1/2 a TSP of turmeric powder 1/2
a tbsp of red chili powder 2 tablespoons
of coriander powder 1/4 teaspoon of
black pepper 1/2 a teaspoon of salt
water which isn't shown here 1 cup of
corn oil and 1/2 a bunch of cilantro
which is also optional so start off by
slicing the onion then we'll head over
to the stove add the sliced up onion to
the frying pan and add the corn oil as
well we're just going to fry the onions
for about five to eight minutes until
they get soft then go ahead and drain
out the oil from the onions take the
onions garlic cloves and 1/4 cup of
water and add that to the blender and
liquify
then go ahead and add your chicken to
the frying pan let it cook for about two
to five minutes until the chicken starts
turning white
then add the blended onions and garlic
clove mix after that add your spices
including the turmeric powder the red
chili powder coriander powder black
pepper and the salt then go ahead and
let it cook for about 10 minutes on low
heat to avoid burning the spices make
sure you stir occasionally then what
we're going to do is we're going to
raise up the heat a few notches in order
to evaporate any excess water from the
chicken this will make sure you get rid
of any unpleasant chicken smell we're
going to cook it for about another 35 to
40 minutes while making sure to stir
every once in a while at the end of the
step the meat should start separating
from the bone once the water from the
chicken evaporates you'll see that the
fats and oils will start coming up to
the top now in order to get more curry
sauce we're going to add about 1 and 1/4
cups of water and let it cook for about
3 to 5 minutes until the water comes to
a boil
then add cilantro on top if you'd like
and serve it with the bread like chapati
or plain burrata please hit the
subscribe button if you enjoyed this
recipe see you next time